gh-132604: Deprecate inherited runtime checkability of protocols (#143806)
python/cpython: Doc/library/typing.rst

   .. versionadded:: 3.8

   .. deprecated-removed:: 3.15 3.20
      It is deprecated to call :func:`isinstance` and :func:`issubclass` checks on
      protocol classes that were not explicitly decorated with :func:`!runtime_checkable`

>       after subclassing runtime-checkable protocol classes. This will throw

Author: ```suggestion
      but that inherit from a runtime-checkable protocol class. This will throw
```
See https://github.com/python/cpython/pull/143806/changes#r2703119353

      protocol. See :ref:`What's new in Python 3.12 <whatsnew-typing-py312>`
      for more details.

   .. deprecated-removed:: 3.15 3.20
      It is deprecated to call :func:`isinstance` and :func:`issubclass` checks on
      protocol classes that were not explicitly decorated with :func:`!runtime_checkable`

>       after subclassing runtime-checkable protocol classes. This will throw

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      but that inherit from a runtime-checkable protocol class. This will throw
```
